Her name was Alejandrita. She had long, purple hair, and she loved nothing more than to swim around the pond and dive down deep into its waters. Still, the water did not go deep enough to satisfy her desire, and she wished with all her heart to return to the ocean. For although she did not have such wonderful beginnings as the Danish mermaid, she had originally lived in the deep blue sea, like all the others of her kind. She was a talented girl, skilled at both singing and juggling, but it was her beauty and charms which made the human builder fall in love with her. Nevertheless, true love kiss had no magic in her case, she still had to return to the sea every evening. So the poor mermaid did the only thing she could do during the daytime, she watched. She watched the people passing by, the parents and children, the businessmen, the homeless and the police. She searched for someone remarkable, someone who could help her, and eventually she noticed a certain man. At first glance, he looked just like the others. He wore a suit and tie, and he walked with his head down. But after several days of observing him, she noticed that his beard was quite large, much thicker than was fashionable at that time. And his tie was a deep purple colour, standing out compared to the blacks and greys around him. One day, when the street was quiet, she watched him wave his hand over a leaf and send it flying in the air.Her name was Alejandrita. She had long, purple hair, and she loved nothing more than to swim around the pond and dive down deep into its waters. Still, the water did not go deep enough to satisfy her desire, and she wished with all her heart to return to the ocean. For although she did not have such wonderful beginnings as the Danish mermaid, she had originally lived in the deep blue sea, like all the others of her kind. She was a talented girl, skilled at both singing and juggling, but it was her beauty and charms which made the human builder fall in love with her. Nevertheless, true love kiss had no magic in her case, she still had to return to the sea every evening. So the poor mermaid did the only thing she could do during the daytime, she watched. She watched the people passing by, the parents and children, the businessmen, the homeless and the police. She searched for someone remarkable, someone who could help her, and eventually she noticed a certain man. At first glance, he looked just like the others. He wore a suit and tie, and he walked with his head down. But after several days of observing him, she noticed that his beard was quite large, much thicker than was fashionable at that time. And his tie was a deep purple colour, standing out compared to the blacks and greys around him. One day, when the street was quiet, she watched him wave his hand over a leaf and send it flying in the air.